A case you know that's create the Customers table so the customers table has a primary key ID which
isn't and is too incriminating then it has the first name and the last name of the customer and say
the email.
See you can see the first name doesn't have the not no constraint.
And this is showing by the empty diamond next to the first name called him.
But the last name does have the not no constrain and the e-mail also has not no constraint.
And it also has a unique constraint.
So now this I put in my obscure work bench and create the custom table
case to create the customer table we need to type create table customers then we need to open a pair
of records with the same code on.
And then within brackets we need to type columns.
So the first one again is ID in it's our primary key and it auto increments or to increment comma and
then the next column was our first name.
So the first name of our customer and this was a vulture.
If length with the maximum length of 45 we didn't have any constraints on this column so we can just
leave it like this.
And then the next column was last name which was also a all chaw of Lang 45.
But we did have a constraint on this call and we had the note no constraint.
So we need to type not no.
So we always type all constrains off to the data type for that particular column.
And then finally we have the email column which was also if all chaw o maximum length 45.
This also had not no constraint.
And we all say one email to be unique so we can type unique and then that's it for our customer table.
So let's run that statement and then let's run show tables and we should now have two tables.
You can see we have our customer we have our film and we can run describe customers
and you can see we have all four columns.
We have our data types whether it's not no and no.
We have our key primary key and unique and any default values and then the autoincrement for our ID
field.
OK so that's it for this video.